Feat(eos_cli_config_gen): Add support for `mac timestamp header` command (#4635)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_cli_config_gen/docs/tables/ethernet-interfaces.md

    | [<samp>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;l2_protocol</samp>](## "ethernet_interfaces.[].l2_protocol") | Dictionary |  |  |  |  |
    | [<samp>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;encapsulation_dot1q_vlan</samp>](## "ethernet_interfaces.[].l2_protocol.encapsulation_dot1q_vlan") | Integer |  |  |  | Vlan tag to configure on sub-interface. |
    | [<samp>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;forwarding_profile</samp>](## "ethernet_interfaces.[].l2_protocol.forwarding_profile") | String |  |  |  | L2 protocol forwarding profile. |

>     | [<samp>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;mac_timestamp</samp>](## "ethernet_interfaces.[].mac_timestamp") | String |  |  | Valid Values:<br>- <code>before-fcs</code><br>- <code>replace-fcs</code><br>- <code>header</code> | header: Insert timestamp in ethernet header. Supports on platforms like 7500E/R and 7280E/R.<br>before-fcs: Insert timestamp before fcs field. Support on platforms like 7150.<br>replace-fcs: Replace fcs field with timestamp. |

Reviewer: Potential cosmet. changes
```suggestion
    | [<samp>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;mac_timestamp</samp>](## "ethernet_interfaces.[].mac_timestamp") | String |  |  | Valid Values:<br>- <code>before-fcs</code><br>- <code>replace-fcs</code><br>- <code>header</code> | header: Insert timestamp in ethernet header. Supported on platforms like 7500E/R and 7280E/R.<br>before-fcs: Insert timestamp before fcs field. Supported on platforms like 7150.<br>replace-fcs: Replace fcs field with timestamp. |
```

Author: Fixed.

          # L2 protocol forwarding profile.
          forwarding_profile: <str>

>         # header: Insert timestamp in ethernet header. Supports on platforms like 7500E/R and 7280E/R.
>         # before-fcs: Insert timestamp before fcs field. Support on platforms like 7150.

Reviewer: Potential cosmet. changes
```suggestion
        # header: Insert timestamp in ethernet header. Supported on platforms like 7500E/R and 7280E/R.
        # before-fcs: Insert timestamp before fcs field. Supported on platforms like 7150.
```

Author: Fixed.
